Enhance PR template with detailed sections (#118)
DSpotDevelopers/DSpot-ERP: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Ticket
Please link the ticket or issue 

# Description
What is the change?  
- Provide a summary of what was changed, added, or removed.

Why is the change needed?  

> - Explain the motivation and the problem this change solves. Include any relevant context or background.
> 
> # How to test the change
> - If the change cannot be fully automated, include manual steps to apply it (commands, DB updates, config changes, feature flags to toggle, etc.)
> 
> # Screenshots (if apply)
> - If the change includes UI updates, attach screenshots or a short screen recording showing the before and after. If there are no UI changes, please write "No UI changes".
> 
> # Checklist
> - [ ] I have added/updated relevant tests
> - [ ] I have removed any commented code
> - [ ] I updated documentation where necessary
> - [ ] I ran the project and verified the change
> - [ ] Any dependent tasks/issues are linked above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Screenshots (if apply)
- If the change includes UI updates, attach screenshots or a short screen recording showing the before and after. 

# Scope of Changes
- [ ] API change
- [ ] Frontend change
- [ ] DevOps change

# Checklist
- [ ] I have added/updated relevant tests
- [ ] I have removed any commented code
- [ ] I updated documentation where necessary
- [ ] I ran the project and verified the change
- [ ] Any dependent tasks/issues are linked above
```

Maybe we could add a small section where the developer selects what the PR affects, for example:

* API change
* Frontend change
* DevOps change

This way, we wouldn’t need the line “If there are no UI changes, please write ‘No UI changes’,” since the selection itself would cover that information.

Reviewer 2: It seems to me - and I agree with Viktor - that adding just the link to the ticket and this section will be sufficient: # Scope of Changes
- [ ] API change
- [ ] Frontend change
- [ ] DevOps change
